(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 5)
Hello.
Thank you.
Please, sit.
(Yeongpa Mayoral Candidates Debate)
Hello.
Who will be the new leader of Yeongpa?
We have the three candidates here,
to hear...
their pledges and test their abilities.
First, we have...
Kim Moon Sung with the United People's Party.
Next, from the Future Party, Cho Gap Soo.
The independent candidate Heo Jung Yup.
To start, we'll let you ask anything you'd like.
First, I ask Mr. Cho.
Where is...
your wife?
I'm flustered. The first question...
is about my wife?
Answer me.
She's being a good supportive wife.
She has never shown herself...
during the entire campaigning period.
There's talk about her...
gambling and fleeing the country.
Mr. Heo.
Let's not touch each other's families.
There is much talk about your view of womanhood.
There is nothing wrong with my view of womanhood.
While we're on the topic,
let me ask a question.
(Yeongpa Mayoral Candidates Debate)
Goodness. Let's go easy on each other.
Injuries caused by contact with an external object,
uterine hemorrhage,
ruptured rectum.
Do you know what this is?
Please tell me.
It's the medical record of the late Seo Jung Soon,
who was sexually tortured by Mr. Cho 30 years ago...
when he was a detective, and lived in pain...
for 10 years until she committed suicide!
(Cho Gap Soo)
Let me ask you a question as well.
You seem to have done your research on me.
I guess you couldn't find anything,
seeing how you...
are bringing up something from 30 years ago,
something I was acquitted for, at that.
You have nothing to be ashamed of?
There's no reason to be ashamed.
Fine.
The victims who were sexually tortured...
by Mr. Cho and their families...
are here with us today!
Imagine that they were.
Would you be able to say that in front of them?
Oh my gosh.
What's that?
(Cho Gap Soo)
They're like...
newborns...
who can't control when and where they poop.
Was this...
Min Ji Sook's work?
I'll look into it.
Forget it.
What about that prosecutor?
I looked into her,
and Ma Yi Deum...
is Kwak Young Shil's daughter.
What?
Kwak Young Shil's daughter...
became a prosecutor, is that it?
How interesting.
That isn't all.
The male prosecutor in the department...
is the son...
of Ko Jae Sook.
Ko Jae Sook?
It disturbs me...
that they're working with Min Ji Sook.
There's no need.
It depends on how you use them.
Even a tiger is nothing but a kitty cat...
if you declaw it.
Also,
Chairman Ahn...
keeps asking about selling of Hyungjae Hotel.
I have no one around me that helps.
I'm surrounded...
by those biting at me...
or looking for a chance to bite me.
He knows that the hotel...
is the only connection I have.
Isn't that right?
Yes, sir.
I'll figure out a way to cancel the sale.
(Prosecutor, 5 years ago)
So?
What did your step-dad do to you, Ah Reum?
He kissed me...
and rubbed my face, but...
He didn't just kiss you.
Tell us more detail.
Daddy kept taking off my clothes.
He took off your clothes, and?
Ah Reum.
Daddy...
pressed me down hard with his feet...
so that I couldn't get up, and...
And?
What did he do after?
Tell us.
Where are you looking?
You have to look here.
Prosecution. Can she testify like this?
Take her off the stand.
Witness.
What is your relationship with the victim?
I'm Ah Reum's psychiatrist.
At what age...
do most children develop an interest in sex?
What is it you want to ask?
Isn't age 10...
old enough to have an interest in sex?
So...
she could've had a sexual relationship voluntarily.
I'm sorry for using foul language in court,
but that's a load of garbage.
Your Honor.
Witness. Please choose your words wisely.
Children...
often confuse desire for affection...
with sexual desire.
What does that mean?
Pushing a child who has strong attachment...
into doing sexual activity...
then complimenting her...
will make her think that it's affection.
Then how can you prove...
such a child did it due to their attachment?
Isn't that a personal opinion?
Then should I tell you what's been proven?
Ah Reum is only 10. You saw her, right?
She's not even 130cm tall.
She's physically and emotionally young.
Her uterus was damaged from venereal infection.
It might cause infertility.
The sexual trauma will haunt her forever.
Even an adult would have a hard time with this.
She hasn't even hit puberty.
Are you saying it's okay because she was curious...
and that it was voluntary?
You're being emotional and the claim is one-sided.
Do you have any proof that the accused...
intended on harming her physically and mentally?
Case No. 2012GO328.
This is the verdict for Choi Hyun Tae.
The defendant does not have a criminal record,
and he has a respected career.
The only evidence is the victim's testimony.
Taking that into mind, this is the verdict.
Defendant is sentenced to five years in prison.
You!
Why didn't you use the DNA evidence?
The clothing you gave me was soiled.
We could not get it tested.
It couldn't be used as an evidence.
Then what about Ah Reum?
You said she just has to show up at court.
I had to persuade her to come.
Why did you treat her like that?
She should have talked properly.
She was shaking. What can I do?
I tried my best.
To put it bluntly, he's a famous doctor.
I hear his brother-in-law is a mayor.
I think I did well by getting him five years.
You don't know anything about the law.
You can't win a case just with a temper.
Doctor.
What do we do?
In five years,
Ah Reum will only be in middle school.
Ah Reum!
Ah Reum.
Is this a haunted house?
Okay, I'm ready for war.
The number you called is not registered.
Please check again...
(Yoon Ah Reum)
Good morning!
You're looking well. Especially the lips.
I better look good if I don't want to be...
seen as a wreck after the camera incident.
Let's go.
Hey, did you use my perfume?
It suits me, right?
I had the caviar in the fridge for a snack.
You had that as a snack?
It wasn't bad. It was a little bland.
While we're on that,
I think I'll keep on getting...
the victim escorting service.
The service expired.
One can extend it if the victim asks.
It can only be extended if necessity is proven.
I'm having a hard time.
I've become intimidated ever since the incident.
So?
I need to rest in a safe residence...
until I can win a huge case.
Once my pride is back up,
I'll be able to go back home.
Please be understanding until then.
I'm going to change my passcode.
I need to rest in a stable residence too.
Seriously.
Ah Reum.
What are you doing here?
Doctor...
(Witch's Court)
A teenager turned herself in after stabbing...
a man that used to be her adoptive father.
Choi was released after a five-year sentence...
for sexually assaulting Yoon. After the release,
he came to harass Yoon and her mother.
When she couldn't handle it, she stabbed him.
Meanwhile, Choi was found to be a brother-in-law...
of candidate Kim Moon Sung of United People's Party,
causing a stir.
Future Party's Cho Gap Soo...
made a statement about it in today's briefing.
I want to ask who deserves to criticize who.
The mayor must put safety of citizens first.
How can Mr. Kim have a criminal family?
I cannot hide how shocked I am.
He must be responsible for neglecting his family.
He should step down.
This morning, a teenager turned herself in...
and shocked everyone.
It turns out Yoon was sexually harassed...
by Choi when she was young.
When Choi was released after five years,
he came to harass her every day...
This is what happens when they give...
a child molester just five years.
Exactly.
The adults are at fault,
but the kid is the one getting the punishment.
The internet is on fire.
Most searched topic is "knifing teenager",
and just below it is "raped teenager".
- What happened? - All right.
The rape case is already closed.
What we have to do...
is determine if it's attempted murder...
or self-defense.
- Did you get the record? - Yes.
How should we go about it? Do you want go with Jang?
Ms. Min, I'll take this case.
You?
Ah Reum...
gets into a fit whenever I mention him.
I don't want to do a court testimony.
Ah Reum.
You don't miss Dad, do you?
How much do you not want to see him?
For a long time.
For a very long time...
until I die.
I think...
you should go up...
and tell everyone what he did.
Then you won't have to see him for a long time.
You won't be there alone.
I'll be there, and so will Mom.
It'll be fine.
Just trust me.
Are you the prosecutor?
Yes.
Did you take my case?
He's the one that stabbed Mom.
That's why I stabbed him.
You...
stabbed him?
Yes.
I know you didn't.
No, I stabbed him.
That's why you have to put him in jail.
Ah Reum.
I know your situation,
and I know what Choi Hyun Tae is like.
I know why you're doing this,
so just trust me...
and tell me the truth.
You told me to trust you last time too.
Will you trust me just one more time?
I want to make up...
for my mistakes last time.
Mom!
When I woke up,
Mom was stabbing him.
But...
it's his fault she got her depression...
and had to take tranquilizers.
This is self-defense.
Once he got out,
Mom and I...
had trouble just stepping outside.
Whenever I went out, he somehow knew...
and chased me around.
He would call me and text me.
If it wasn't for Mom,
I would have killed him first.
I told you the truth,
so put him behind bars.
You promised to help!
Yeo can't do this.
How can he investigate in that state?
Feeling sorry has nothing to do...
with work.
Tell him to back you up.
You should lead this.
Keep it quiet...
and be prudent.
Yes, ma'am.
I'll meet with Choi Hyun Tae first.
What about Ah Reum?
Pardon?
Did Ah Reum go through interrogation?
Why do you care?
Please don't take me the wrong way.
I'm just worried about her.
So?
If you were so worried about her,
why did you go find them after your release...
and stab her mother?
I did.
I won't deny that I went to see them right away.
However, I went there with a good intention.
I went to apologize to them.
Honey, can we talk?
Open the door.
Choi Hyun Tae?
I didn't go there to harm Ah Reum.
No matter how many times I apologized,
it didn't matter.
I thought they would mistake me...
if I went on further.
I was about to quit.
Then...
I have something to talk to you about.
Come home by 4pm tomorrow.
She made me take sleeping pills.
She was going to make me faint...
so that she could kill me.
She did it on purpose.
Make a visit to her house.
I'm sure...
the mortar will still have traces of the pills.
Then why did you stab her?
No...
Honey...
It was Choi Hyun Tae's self-defense?
Yes.
Do you really believe his nonsense?
Here. Yoon Jung Hee's fingerprints are on it.
Here. It's a small amount,
but we found components of sleeping pills in him.
Lastly,
this dish has traces of the spilling pills.
Yoon Jung Hee attempted to murder.
It was Choi Hyun Tae's self-defense.
No!
No.
He knows that Jung Hee is in a coma.
He's lying in a way that's advantageous for him.
I don't trust everything that he's saying!
But what can I do?
All evidence and circumstances...
point to Yoon Jung Hee trying to murder.
Are you crazy?
Hold it.
I'm Yoon and you're Choi.
Like Ah Reum said,
if Yoon was already attacked,
Choi couldn't have gotten stabbed...
while he was standing.
She would stab him around here.
But Choi...
has a cut on his left...
that went straight in.
This is how it must have went.
Take a seat.
Here.
If I'm Choi...
Wait.
It must have been like this.
Because he wants to frame Yoon...
as an attempted murderer,
he forged the cut on himself.
That would make more sense.
Anyway, let go of my hand.
It's scaring me.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, it's possible Choi attempted murder.
I don't think so.
Ms. Ma.
That's Ah Reum's opinion.
She could be lying...
to protect her mom.
Didn't I explain enough?
I heard everything when you interrogated her.
Ah Reum asked you to get Choi in jail.
Are you saying...
I don't have credibility?
Fine.
If I get Yoon's testimony,
will you admit to it?
How?
She's still in a coma.
I'll be back.
Gosh.
[VIU Ver] E05 Witch's Court "The Case of Yoon Ah Reum"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'm sorry, but she needs peace and quiet.
Please turn off the flash.
I apologize.
My wife developed a rare disease...
and fell into a coma 15 years ago already.
There have been all sorts of rumors,
that she's in hiding,
or that she was gambling.
But I...
have been...
waiting for her to wake up again.
My wife...
Because...
I believe that my dear Suh Rim...
will open her eyes again...
and smile for me as she used to.
Okay. We'll end the interviews here.
She needs her rest, so please leave.
Thank you.
Call Mr. Bae...
and tell him...
to move her.
Isn't it better for her to be in the media more?
Once is enough for a show!
It gets boring the second time.
I won't be able to come for a while.
Don't wake up. Just...
keep sleeping.
That is how...
you can help me.
Doctor.
When do you think she'll recover?
It's too difficult to say.
Even if she lost blood and suffered liver damage,
shouldn't she...
regain consciousness after a day or two?
I think it's taking longer because she took...
sleeping pills regularly.
Excuse me. Did you say sleeping pills?
Not anti-anxiety pills?
No.
Come here. It's Daddy.
Why do you keep trying to avoid me?
Stay still. Daddy needs to talk to you.
No. Get away from me!
Ah Reum!
If you keep doing that, Daddy will punish you.
Just like back then.
My leg.
Why are you here? What are you here to do?
What are you doing?
How are you in the same hospital as Yoon Jung Hee?
Move to another hospital. Got it?
Look here!
He's the victim.
He wants to stay here at this hospital.
Is there a problem?
- What? - Seriously.
Stop it already, doctor.
That's right. You're a prosecutor now.
You were like this five years ago, and still...
Why are you so adamant...
on splitting up Ah Reum and me?
What?
Ah Reum's mom...
may go to jail now.
Then whom will poor Ah Reum...
rely on in this world?
Whom?
You crazy scumbag.
Say that again.
- Say that again! - Mr. Yeo!
- Say that again! - Stop it!
Help!
Please help! Help!
Let go!
I failed five years ago,
but not this time.
A prosecutor was filmed assaulting a witness.
Around 4pm this afternoon, the prosecutor...
investigating the stabbing incident...
went to see the witness...
and punched him in front of the security camera.
How are we supposed to trust prosecutors?
The prosecutor in question must be punished severely,
and the investigations must be stopped...
right away!
A fair investigation must be conducted...
and the true perpetrator be found...
How are the ratings?
It hasn't changed.
Kim's ratings won't go down.
Even with all that nonsense,
it won't budge, is that it?
Sir.
- Hello? - Hey!
Gap Soo!
What are you doing?
I know you put on a show with Suh Rim.
Look.
Other wives even go to bathhouses...
during elections...
and scrub people's backs.
What's a few photos?
Is that why you won't sell the hotel? To buy votes?
I'll make a profit and share it with you.
- Please stop. - Hey, you. Gap Soo.
Did you forget who got you to where you are?
Look!
That White Town you're building right now.
Will you build it in Seoul instead of Yeongpa?
Think hard about from whom you will benefit from...
going forward.
What about Kim's brother-in-law?
Is it ready?
Yes, sir. I'm in contact.
Set up a meeting.
Let me see his son as well.
Yes, sir.
What did he say? Do you have to resign?
Or probation?
This should give you three months easy.
Why don't you open a lawyer's office?
You look like you'd be a natural.
Do you not like lawyers?
- You're a good fighter... - Ms. Ma.
- I was going to stop. - Please help.
Please help me.
(Prosecutor Assaults Witness)
Let's go.
Stay here until your mom wakes up.
And if anything happens,
press this.
What if...
something happens to Mom?
She'll wake up soon.
Hang in there until then.
Okay?
- I'll see you next time. - Thank you.
You're Jin Wook's friend, correct?
I'm his mom.
I'm Ko Jae Sook.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Ma Yi Deum.
Ma Yi Deum?
Yes, that's right.
Doctor. Doctor!
I have to see my Yi Deum.
I'm not crazy? I mean it!
You know that too.
I'm all my dear Yi Deum has!
Doctor!
It's unique, right?
I'm probably the only person with the name...
Yi Deum.
Really?
- I think I've heard... - Mom.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
Take good care of Ah Reum.
Take care of yourself too.
You're worrying me.
Don't worry.
You take care of your own health.
Be careful, okay?
Okay.
What are you doing?
You said you'd help.
Let's go.
- Careful. - Okay.
See that?
You have to be careful.
It's true with other cases as well, but...
when it involves children,
you have to be extra careful.
I think so too.
Well...
What?
It's a child molestation case.
What's it about?
An apartment security guard...
sexually molested...
a five-year-old in the building.
The victim's aunt reported him.
I'll take this case.
You will?
I get along with children very well.
I can get them to testify.
Young Woong, why did you go to the guard's home?
I peed in my pants,
so my pants were wet.
I see. And then?
I went into his home,
and he told me to take my clothes off.
I said I didn't want to,
but he took the clothes off of me.
What did he do to you...
after he took your clothes off?
And then...
You said he touched your leg.
Yes. That's right.
He touched my leg.
His hand was really rough.
What do you mean, his hand was rough?
It scratched your leg.
Yes.
It scratched my leg.
Did you feel that?
You said she smelled like alcohol.
Tell her that too.
He smelled a lot like alcohol.
He pulled my arm.
That must have hurt a lot.
It hurts.
Oh my.
(Scene of the crime)
(Yoon Ah Reum's mother's home)
Why is it so big?
A person could fit in here.
Ms. Ma. That's not it.
Fine. Okay.
What are you saying is here?
The doctor said...
she may not be waking up due to the sleeping pills.
So?
I thought she was taking anti-depression meds.
Some of them may have had sleeping aids.
It makes no sense that she called...
Choi Hyun Tae over and then took sleeping pills.
Voluntarily, that is.
If not voluntarily,
are you saying he forced them on her?
He probably tricked her into taking them...
and tried to kill her quietly.
But he failed because she woke up...
while he was trying to.
How could he get her to take them?
I'm sure she wouldn't drink even water from him.
He probably put it in food...
that could hide sleeping pills easily.
Like what?
Something she ate or drank daily without thinking.
Something he could leave outside secretly.
(Kup Milk)
I sent you a sample via quick service.
I'll ask the hospital to send you a blood sample...
from Yoon Jung Hee, so have it analyzed.
Prepare a search warrant...
for Choi Hyun Tae's home if the compounds match.
Ms. Lee.
Wasn't Yoon Jung Hee examined this morning?
The prosecutor asked for a blood sample...
to run an analysis.
Are you okay?
Be careful.
Okay.
I put the tracker on her.
I'll text you the link.
Once you install the app, you can track her.
Thank you.
I'll send the money after I check it.
(Haewoom Junior High)
We have the analyses.
Both samples had the same compound,
and it's called zolpidem.
Darn it.
(Notice of Emergency Water Shut-Off)
(Choi Hyun Tae's home)
It's been vacant for a while.
I'm nervous about this.
Let's search as much as we can.
Mr. Koo.
Did you find anything?
No, nothing.
What if it isn't here?
Who's this?
This is Cho Gap Soo.
I guess elections really are scary.
This is a competitor's brother-in-law's case.
I'm just giving you information.
It's up to you to decide whether or not...
to accept it.
I'd be grateful, as long as it's a sure thing.
It is for sure.
Is this for free?
Based on what I saw of you at Professor Sun's trial,
you wouldn't believe me...
even if I said I was just being nice.
You saw right.
I can't accept it if you ask for something too big.
If this case gets resolved favorably,
let's take a photo together later on.
Is that all?
Come out.
While Kim's brother-in-law was in jail,
this man was his cellmate.
Not long ago,
I got him a stolen car.
Whatever. Get to the point.
Okay. But...
after getting him the car,
I kept remembering what he said in jail.
So it made me feel a bit icky.
What was it?
He said there was a woman that he loved,
and that he'd marry her as soon as he got out.
But...
that her mom was strongly against it.
If she keeps opposing,
I'll get rid of the girl's mom.
As for my girl...
I'll kidnap her?
I'll have to kidnap her if necessary...
to live with her somewhere quiet...
for the rest of our lives.
(Ma Yi Deum)
Hello?
Choi Hyun Tae's goal was to kidnap Ah Reum.
Ever since he got out,
I could never go outside without worrying.
Every time I did, he'd find me and follow me.
I failed five years ago,
but not this time.
Why is it so big? A person could fit in here.
He probably tricked her into taking them...
and tried to kill her quietly.
He probably put it in food...
that could hide sleeping pills easily.
What are you...
Hold on.
Die!
Quiet.
Stop it. Shut it.
Hold on!
Yeo!
Why is the line busy?
Hello?
Mom?
Mom. Are you awake?
Ah Reum... Run away.
(Yoon Ah Reum)
Hello?
Ah Reum. Where are you?
You missed me, right?
(Call History: Yoon Ah Reum)
The phone has been turned off.
Please...
Something happened. I'm sure of it.
What?
Choi Hyun Tae is missing.
Mr. Koo. I'll send you a license plate number.
Please track it.
GU9985.
(Yoon Ah Reum's location)
We have 2km more to go.
(Witch's Court)
I'll kill you all!
Ms. Ma!
The prosecutors did not spare their safety,
resulting in our capturing the hideous criminal.
You won't lose out.
She wasn't stabbed to benefit you.
Don't just bark.
Bite me.
Don't do anything rash.
I was sexually assaulted.
I'll be watching.
It's time.
I'd like to meet your mother.
Is she away?
Take her somewhere quiet.
There's nothing going on with you and her, right?
- Hubby! - Ms. Ma.
I'm ready.
I'm ready to accept your feelings for me.